Workaround fix for TOC of Deploy for production page (#1244)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/properties/object-storage-properties.adoc

---

=== cloud_storage_disable_archival_stm_rw_fence

> Disable concurrency control mechanism in the Tiered-Storage. This could potentially break the metadata consistency and shouldn't be used in production systems. It should only be used for testing.

Reviewer: This setting turns off a safety feature in the Tiered Storage system that helps keep information organized and correct when multiple processes access it at the same time. Turning it off might cause problems with the data, so it’s only meant for testing and not for production use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disables the concurrency control mechanism in Tiered Storage. This safety feature keeps data organized and correct when multiple processes access it simultaneously. Disabling it can cause data consistency problems, so use this setting only for testing, never in production systems.
```
